README.md, before:

# :spades: :hearts: **BLACKJACK** :clubs: :diamonds:

A standar command-line Blackjack game implemented in Python.\
Play against the computer following the rules of soft 17.\
This project is part of my learning procces in Python, Git/GitHub and Markdown.

<img src="Blackjack.png" width="350" height="680">

## What I learned

- Organized code using functions to make the project more readable and easier to maintain.
- Gained experience with control flow and adding game logic using `if`, `for` and `while` statements.
- Learned to handle user input.
- Learnd the basics of Git and GitHub, including commits, push, pull and merge.
- Gained some experience with Markdown syntax for documentation.

## Features

- Standard Blackjack game with soft 17 rules.
- One player plays against the computer.
- Automatic card dealing and scoring.
- Simple text-based interface.

## Instalation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/brubrux999/Blackjack.git
```

2. Go to the project directory:
```bash
cd Blackjack
```

3. Run the game:
```bash
python Blackjack.py
```

## How to play

- Select an option from the menu.
- Choose whether to Hit (h) or Stand (s).
- Try to reach 21 points or get as close as possible without going over.
- The computer acts as the dealer following soft 17 rules.
- The one closest to 21 points wins.
- Choose Yes (y) if you want to play again or No (n) if you don't.

## Technologies used

- Python 3
- Standard Python modules (random)

## Future Updates

- ~~Add blackjack rule.~~
- Betting system (Handle bets and player balance).
- Add insurance, duplicate and split rules.
- ~~Support multiple players.~~
- Leaderboard.
- Add a graphical interface with Tkinter or Pygame.

## *Created by Bruno as a Python learning project.*

Commit message:

v3.0 Restructure Blackjack.py into modular files: deck, player, game, main

README.md, after:

# :spades: :hearts: **BLACKJACK** :clubs: :diamonds:

A standar command-line Blackjack game implemented in Python.\
Play against the computer following the rules of soft 17.\
This project is part of my learning procces in Python, Git/GitHub and Markdown.

<img src="images/Blackjack.png" width="350" height="680">

## What I learned

- Organized code using functions to make the project more readable and easier to maintain.
- Gained experience with control flow and adding game logic using `if`, `for` and `while` statements.
- Learned to handle user input.
- Learnd the basics of Git and GitHub, including commits, push, pull and merge.
- Gained some experience with Markdown syntax for documentation.

## Features

- Standard Blackjack game with soft 17 rules.
- 1-4 players plays against the computer.
- Automatic card dealing and scoring.
- Simple text-based interface.

## Instalation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/brubrux999/Blackjack.git
```

2. Go to the project directory:
```bash
cd Blackjack
```

3. Run the game:
```bash
python src/main.py
```

## How to play

- Select an option from the menu, if you play write how many players are going to play and their names.
- Choose whether to Hit (h) or Stand (s).
- Try to reach 21 points or get as close as possible without going over.
- The computer acts as the dealer following soft 17 rules.
- The one closest to 21 points wins.
- Choose Yes (y) if you want to play again or No (n) if you don't.

## Technologies used

- Python 3
- Standard Python modules (random)

## Future Updates

- ~~Add blackjack rule.~~
- Betting system (Handle bets and player balance).
- Add insurance, duplicate and split rules.
- ~~Support multiple players.~~
- Leaderboard.
- Add a graphical interface with Tkinter or Pygame.

## *Created by Bruno as a Python learning project.*
